# USER STORIES
1.  As a user I want to register to the system so that I can access to the application.

2.  As a user I want to login into the system so that I can authenticate myself to the platform and use app’s functionalities.

3.  As a user I want to logout from the system so that I can exit from the platform while I don’t use it.

4.  As a user I want to modify personal data so that I can keep updated my account.

5.  As a user I want to have a personal dashboard so that I can check my personal data and history.

6.  As an administrator I want to access to a user dashboard so that I'm able to see and manage their accounts.

7.  As a driver I want to search for available parking spots so that I can book it.

8.  As a driver I want to be able so search parking spots through filters so that I can find the best parking for my needs.

9.  As a driver I want to search for a parking spot selecting a keypoint and a distance range so that I can find the parking space in the best possible position.

10. As a driver I want to book a parking spot for a specific interval of time and pay for it so that I can easily park my car.

11. As a driver I want to receive the booking confirmation by email so that I can check the reservation details.

12. As a driver I want to choose the payment method so that I can pay the parking spot in several ways.

13. As a driver I want a visual confirmation of my payment request, to be sure of my payment outcome.

14. As a driver I want to be able to delete a reservation so that I can free a parking spot when I don’t need it anymore.

15. As a driver I want to see a visual confirmation of the cancellation so that I can be sure about it.

16. As a driver I want to receive the details of the resident after a booking so that I can contact it if needed.

17. As a driver I want to rate the parking service so that I can share my parking experience with other drivers.

18. As a driver I want to be notified when a parking is available near me so that I can book it quickly.

19. As a resident I want to insert into the system my parking space (individual or collective) so that I can share it with other users and gain revenues.

20. As a resident I want to assign labels to my parking spots so that drivers can easily find them.

21. As a resident I want a real time parking spot dashboard so that I’m able to monitor the current status of my sharings.

22. As a resident I want to delete a reservation so that I can have the full control of my parking space.

23. As a resident I want to set a reputation treshold for reserve a parking spot so that I can give priority to higher reputation users.

24. As a resident I want to have a booking queue for my parking spot so that I can authorize a specific driver.

25. As a resident I want to receive notifications when a driver asks for a booking so that I’m informed about it.

26. As a resident I want to rate the driver so that I can share the related experience.

27. As a resident I want to change the status of the parking spot so that I can manage its availability.

28. As a driver I want to access my reputation score so I can know which parking spaces I can book.